backbone.conv1.weight                                           backbone.conv1.conv1.conv.weight
backbone.bn1.weight                                             backbone.conv1.conv1.norm.weight
backbone.bn1.bias                                               backbone.conv1.conv1.norm.bias
backbone.bn1.running_mean                                       backbone.conv1.conv1.norm._mean
backbone.bn1.running_var                                        backbone.conv1.conv1.norm._variance
backbone.layer1.0.conv1.weight                                  backbone.res2.res2a.branch2a.conv.weight
backbone.layer1.0.bn1.weight                                    backbone.res2.res2a.branch2a.norm.weight
backbone.layer1.0.bn1.bias                                      backbone.res2.res2a.branch2a.norm.bias
backbone.layer1.0.bn1.running_mean                              backbone.res2.res2a.branch2a.norm._mean
backbone.layer1.0.bn1.running_var                               backbone.res2.res2a.branch2a.norm._variance
backbone.layer1.0.conv2.weight                                  backbone.res2.res2a.branch2b.conv.weight
backbone.layer1.0.bn2.weight                                    backbone.res2.res2a.branch2b.norm.weight
backbone.layer1.0.bn2.bias                                      backbone.res2.res2a.branch2b.norm.bias
backbone.layer1.0.bn2.running_mean                              backbone.res2.res2a.branch2b.norm._mean
backbone.layer1.0.bn2.running_var                               backbone.res2.res2a.branch2b.norm._variance
backbone.layer1.0.conv3.weight                                  backbone.res2.res2a.branch2c.conv.weight
backbone.layer1.0.bn3.weight                                    backbone.res2.res2a.branch2c.norm.weight
backbone.layer1.0.bn3.bias                                      backbone.res2.res2a.branch2c.norm.bias
backbone.layer1.0.bn3.running_mean                              backbone.res2.res2a.branch2c.norm._mean
backbone.layer1.0.bn3.running_var                               backbone.res2.res2a.branch2c.norm._variance
backbone.layer1.0.downsample.0.weight                           backbone.res2.res2a.short.conv.weight
backbone.layer1.0.downsample.1.weight                           backbone.res2.res2a.short.norm.weight
backbone.layer1.0.downsample.1.bias                             backbone.res2.res2a.short.norm.bias
backbone.layer1.0.downsample.1.running_mean                     backbone.res2.res2a.short.norm._mean
backbone.layer1.0.downsample.1.running_var                      backbone.res2.res2a.short.norm._variance
backbone.layer1.1.conv1.weight                                  backbone.res2.res2b.branch2a.conv.weight
backbone.layer1.1.bn1.weight                                    backbone.res2.res2b.branch2a.norm.weight
backbone.layer1.1.bn1.bias                                      backbone.res2.res2b.branch2a.norm.bias
backbone.layer1.1.bn1.running_mean                              backbone.res2.res2b.branch2a.norm._mean
backbone.layer1.1.bn1.running_var                               backbone.res2.res2b.branch2a.norm._variance
backbone.layer1.1.conv2.weight                                  backbone.res2.res2b.branch2b.conv.weight
backbone.layer1.1.bn2.weight                                    backbone.res2.res2b.branch2b.norm.weight
backbone.layer1.1.bn2.bias                                      backbone.res2.res2b.branch2b.norm.bias
backbone.layer1.1.bn2.running_mean                              backbone.res2.res2b.branch2b.norm._mean
backbone.layer1.1.bn2.running_var                               backbone.res2.res2b.branch2b.norm._variance
backbone.layer1.1.conv3.weight                                  backbone.res2.res2b.branch2c.conv.weight
backbone.layer1.1.bn3.weight                                    backbone.res2.res2b.branch2c.norm.weight
backbone.layer1.1.bn3.bias                                      backbone.res2.res2b.branch2c.norm.bias
backbone.layer1.1.bn3.running_mean                              backbone.res2.res2b.branch2c.norm._mean
backbone.layer1.1.bn3.running_var                               backbone.res2.res2b.branch2c.norm._variance
backbone.layer1.2.conv1.weight                                  backbone.res2.res2c.branch2a.conv.weight
backbone.layer1.2.bn1.weight                                    backbone.res2.res2c.branch2a.norm.weight
backbone.layer1.2.bn1.bias                                      backbone.res2.res2c.branch2a.norm.bias
backbone.layer1.2.bn1.running_mean                              backbone.res2.res2c.branch2a.norm._mean
backbone.layer1.2.bn1.running_var                               backbone.res2.res2c.branch2a.norm._variance
backbone.layer1.2.conv2.weight                                  backbone.res2.res2c.branch2b.conv.weight
backbone.layer1.2.bn2.weight                                    backbone.res2.res2c.branch2b.norm.weight
backbone.layer1.2.bn2.bias                                      backbone.res2.res2c.branch2b.norm.bias
backbone.layer1.2.bn2.running_mean                              backbone.res2.res2c.branch2b.norm._mean
backbone.layer1.2.bn2.running_var                               backbone.res2.res2c.branch2b.norm._variance
backbone.layer1.2.conv3.weight                                  backbone.res2.res2c.branch2c.conv.weight
backbone.layer1.2.bn3.weight                                    backbone.res2.res2c.branch2c.norm.weight
backbone.layer1.2.bn3.bias                                      backbone.res2.res2c.branch2c.norm.bias
backbone.layer1.2.bn3.running_mean                              backbone.res2.res2c.branch2c.norm._mean
backbone.layer1.2.bn3.running_var                               backbone.res2.res2c.branch2c.norm._variance
backbone.layer2.0.conv1.weight                                  backbone.res3.res3a.branch2a.conv.weight
backbone.layer2.0.bn1.weight                                    backbone.res3.res3a.branch2a.norm.weight
backbone.layer2.0.bn1.bias                                      backbone.res3.res3a.branch2a.norm.bias
backbone.layer2.0.bn1.running_mean                              backbone.res3.res3a.branch2a.norm._mean
backbone.layer2.0.bn1.running_var                               backbone.res3.res3a.branch2a.norm._variance
backbone.layer2.0.conv2.weight                                  backbone.res3.res3a.branch2b.conv.weight
backbone.layer2.0.bn2.weight                                    backbone.res3.res3a.branch2b.norm.weight
backbone.layer2.0.bn2.bias                                      backbone.res3.res3a.branch2b.norm.bias
backbone.layer2.0.bn2.running_mean                              backbone.res3.res3a.branch2b.norm._mean
backbone.layer2.0.bn2.running_var                               backbone.res3.res3a.branch2b.norm._variance
backbone.layer2.0.conv3.weight                                  backbone.res3.res3a.branch2c.conv.weight
backbone.layer2.0.bn3.weight                                    backbone.res3.res3a.branch2c.norm.weight
backbone.layer2.0.bn3.bias                                      backbone.res3.res3a.branch2c.norm.bias
backbone.layer2.0.bn3.running_mean                              backbone.res3.res3a.branch2c.norm._mean
backbone.layer2.0.bn3.running_var                               backbone.res3.res3a.branch2c.norm._variance
backbone.layer2.0.downsample.0.weight                           backbone.res3.res3a.short.conv.weight
backbone.layer2.0.downsample.1.weight                           backbone.res3.res3a.short.norm.weight
backbone.layer2.0.downsample.1.bias                             backbone.res3.res3a.short.norm.bias
backbone.layer2.0.downsample.1.running_mean                     backbone.res3.res3a.short.norm._mean
backbone.layer2.0.downsample.1.running_var                      backbone.res3.res3a.short.norm._variance
backbone.layer2.1.conv1.weight                                  backbone.res3.res3b.branch2a.conv.weight
backbone.layer2.1.bn1.weight                                    backbone.res3.res3b.branch2a.norm.weight
backbone.layer2.1.bn1.bias                                      backbone.res3.res3b.branch2a.norm.bias
backbone.layer2.1.bn1.running_mean                              backbone.res3.res3b.branch2a.norm._mean
backbone.layer2.1.bn1.running_var                               backbone.res3.res3b.branch2a.norm._variance
backbone.layer2.1.conv2.weight                                  backbone.res3.res3b.branch2b.conv.weight
backbone.layer2.1.bn2.weight                                    backbone.res3.res3b.branch2b.norm.weight
backbone.layer2.1.bn2.bias                                      backbone.res3.res3b.branch2b.norm.bias
backbone.layer2.1.bn2.running_mean                              backbone.res3.res3b.branch2b.norm._mean
backbone.layer2.1.bn2.running_var                               backbone.res3.res3b.branch2b.norm._variance
backbone.layer2.1.conv3.weight                                  backbone.res3.res3b.branch2c.conv.weight
backbone.layer2.1.bn3.weight                                    backbone.res3.res3b.branch2c.norm.weight
backbone.layer2.1.bn3.bias                                      backbone.res3.res3b.branch2c.norm.bias
backbone.layer2.1.bn3.running_mean                              backbone.res3.res3b.branch2c.norm._mean
backbone.layer2.1.bn3.running_var                               backbone.res3.res3b.branch2c.norm._variance
backbone.layer2.2.conv1.weight                                  backbone.res3.res3c.branch2a.conv.weight
backbone.layer2.2.bn1.weight                                    backbone.res3.res3c.branch2a.norm.weight
backbone.layer2.2.bn1.bias                                      backbone.res3.res3c.branch2a.norm.bias
backbone.layer2.2.bn1.running_mean                              backbone.res3.res3c.branch2a.norm._mean
backbone.layer2.2.bn1.running_var                               backbone.res3.res3c.branch2a.norm._variance
backbone.layer2.2.conv2.weight                                  backbone.res3.res3c.branch2b.conv.weight
backbone.layer2.2.bn2.weight                                    backbone.res3.res3c.branch2b.norm.weight
backbone.layer2.2.bn2.bias                                      backbone.res3.res3c.branch2b.norm.bias
backbone.layer2.2.bn2.running_mean                              backbone.res3.res3c.branch2b.norm._mean
backbone.layer2.2.bn2.running_var                               backbone.res3.res3c.branch2b.norm._variance
backbone.layer2.2.conv3.weight                                  backbone.res3.res3c.branch2c.conv.weight
backbone.layer2.2.bn3.weight                                    backbone.res3.res3c.branch2c.norm.weight
backbone.layer2.2.bn3.bias                                      backbone.res3.res3c.branch2c.norm.bias
backbone.layer2.2.bn3.running_mean                              backbone.res3.res3c.branch2c.norm._mean
backbone.layer2.2.bn3.running_var                               backbone.res3.res3c.branch2c.norm._variance
backbone.layer2.3.conv1.weight                                  backbone.res3.res3d.branch2a.conv.weight
backbone.layer2.3.bn1.weight                                    backbone.res3.res3d.branch2a.norm.weight
backbone.layer2.3.bn1.bias                                      backbone.res3.res3d.branch2a.norm.bias
backbone.layer2.3.bn1.running_mean                              backbone.res3.res3d.branch2a.norm._mean
backbone.layer2.3.bn1.running_var                               backbone.res3.res3d.branch2a.norm._variance
backbone.layer2.3.conv2.weight                                  backbone.res3.res3d.branch2b.conv.weight
backbone.layer2.3.bn2.weight                                    backbone.res3.res3d.branch2b.norm.weight
backbone.layer2.3.bn2.bias                                      backbone.res3.res3d.branch2b.norm.bias
backbone.layer2.3.bn2.running_mean                              backbone.res3.res3d.branch2b.norm._mean
backbone.layer2.3.bn2.running_var                               backbone.res3.res3d.branch2b.norm._variance
backbone.layer2.3.conv3.weight                                  backbone.res3.res3d.branch2c.conv.weight
backbone.layer2.3.bn3.weight                                    backbone.res3.res3d.branch2c.norm.weight
backbone.layer2.3.bn3.bias                                      backbone.res3.res3d.branch2c.norm.bias
backbone.layer2.3.bn3.running_mean                              backbone.res3.res3d.branch2c.norm._mean
backbone.layer2.3.bn3.running_var                               backbone.res3.res3d.branch2c.norm._variance
backbone.layer3.0.conv1.weight                                  backbone.res4.res4a.branch2a.conv.weight
backbone.layer3.0.bn1.weight                                    backbone.res4.res4a.branch2a.norm.weight
backbone.layer3.0.bn1.bias                                      backbone.res4.res4a.branch2a.norm.bias
backbone.layer3.0.bn1.running_mean                              backbone.res4.res4a.branch2a.norm._mean
backbone.layer3.0.bn1.running_var                               backbone.res4.res4a.branch2a.norm._variance
backbone.layer3.0.conv2.weight                                  backbone.res4.res4a.branch2b.conv.weight
backbone.layer3.0.bn2.weight                                    backbone.res4.res4a.branch2b.norm.weight
backbone.layer3.0.bn2.bias                                      backbone.res4.res4a.branch2b.norm.bias
backbone.layer3.0.bn2.running_mean                              backbone.res4.res4a.branch2b.norm._mean
backbone.layer3.0.bn2.running_var                               backbone.res4.res4a.branch2b.norm._variance
backbone.layer3.0.conv3.weight                                  backbone.res4.res4a.branch2c.conv.weight
backbone.layer3.0.bn3.weight                                    backbone.res4.res4a.branch2c.norm.weight
backbone.layer3.0.bn3.bias                                      backbone.res4.res4a.branch2c.norm.bias
backbone.layer3.0.bn3.running_mean                              backbone.res4.res4a.branch2c.norm._mean
backbone.layer3.0.bn3.running_var                               backbone.res4.res4a.branch2c.norm._variance
backbone.layer3.0.downsample.0.weight                           backbone.res4.res4a.short.conv.weight
backbone.layer3.0.downsample.1.weight                           backbone.res4.res4a.short.norm.weight
backbone.layer3.0.downsample.1.bias                             backbone.res4.res4a.short.norm.bias
backbone.layer3.0.downsample.1.running_mean                     backbone.res4.res4a.short.norm._mean
backbone.layer3.0.downsample.1.running_var                      backbone.res4.res4a.short.norm._variance
backbone.layer3.1.conv1.weight                                  backbone.res4.res4b.branch2a.conv.weight
backbone.layer3.1.bn1.weight                                    backbone.res4.res4b.branch2a.norm.weight
backbone.layer3.1.bn1.bias                                      backbone.res4.res4b.branch2a.norm.bias
backbone.layer3.1.bn1.running_mean                              backbone.res4.res4b.branch2a.norm._mean
backbone.layer3.1.bn1.running_var                               backbone.res4.res4b.branch2a.norm._variance
backbone.layer3.1.conv2.weight                                  backbone.res4.res4b.branch2b.conv.weight
backbone.layer3.1.bn2.weight                                    backbone.res4.res4b.branch2b.norm.weight
backbone.layer3.1.bn2.bias                                      backbone.res4.res4b.branch2b.norm.bias
backbone.layer3.1.bn2.running_mean                              backbone.res4.res4b.branch2b.norm._mean
backbone.layer3.1.bn2.running_var                               backbone.res4.res4b.branch2b.norm._variance
backbone.layer3.1.conv3.weight                                  backbone.res4.res4b.branch2c.conv.weight
backbone.layer3.1.bn3.weight                                    backbone.res4.res4b.branch2c.norm.weight
backbone.layer3.1.bn3.bias                                      backbone.res4.res4b.branch2c.norm.bias
backbone.layer3.1.bn3.running_mean                              backbone.res4.res4b.branch2c.norm._mean
backbone.layer3.1.bn3.running_var                               backbone.res4.res4b.branch2c.norm._variance
backbone.layer3.2.conv1.weight                                  backbone.res4.res4c.branch2a.conv.weight
backbone.layer3.2.bn1.weight                                    backbone.res4.res4c.branch2a.norm.weight
backbone.layer3.2.bn1.bias                                      backbone.res4.res4c.branch2a.norm.bias
backbone.layer3.2.bn1.running_mean                              backbone.res4.res4c.branch2a.norm._mean
backbone.layer3.2.bn1.running_var                               backbone.res4.res4c.branch2a.norm._variance
backbone.layer3.2.conv2.weight                                  backbone.res4.res4c.branch2b.conv.weight
backbone.layer3.2.bn2.weight                                    backbone.res4.res4c.branch2b.norm.weight
backbone.layer3.2.bn2.bias                                      backbone.res4.res4c.branch2b.norm.bias
backbone.layer3.2.bn2.running_mean                              backbone.res4.res4c.branch2b.norm._mean
backbone.layer3.2.bn2.running_var                               backbone.res4.res4c.branch2b.norm._variance
backbone.layer3.2.conv3.weight                                  backbone.res4.res4c.branch2c.conv.weight
backbone.layer3.2.bn3.weight                                    backbone.res4.res4c.branch2c.norm.weight
backbone.layer3.2.bn3.bias                                      backbone.res4.res4c.branch2c.norm.bias
backbone.layer3.2.bn3.running_mean                              backbone.res4.res4c.branch2c.norm._mean
backbone.layer3.2.bn3.running_var                               backbone.res4.res4c.branch2c.norm._variance
backbone.layer3.3.conv1.weight                                  backbone.res4.res4d.branch2a.conv.weight
backbone.layer3.3.bn1.weight                                    backbone.res4.res4d.branch2a.norm.weight
backbone.layer3.3.bn1.bias                                      backbone.res4.res4d.branch2a.norm.bias
backbone.layer3.3.bn1.running_mean                              backbone.res4.res4d.branch2a.norm._mean
backbone.layer3.3.bn1.running_var                               backbone.res4.res4d.branch2a.norm._variance
backbone.layer3.3.conv2.weight                                  backbone.res4.res4d.branch2b.conv.weight
backbone.layer3.3.bn2.weight                                    backbone.res4.res4d.branch2b.norm.weight
backbone.layer3.3.bn2.bias                                      backbone.res4.res4d.branch2b.norm.bias
backbone.layer3.3.bn2.running_mean                              backbone.res4.res4d.branch2b.norm._mean
backbone.layer3.3.bn2.running_var                               backbone.res4.res4d.branch2b.norm._variance
backbone.layer3.3.conv3.weight                                  backbone.res4.res4d.branch2c.conv.weight
backbone.layer3.3.bn3.weight                                    backbone.res4.res4d.branch2c.norm.weight
backbone.layer3.3.bn3.bias                                      backbone.res4.res4d.branch2c.norm.bias
backbone.layer3.3.bn3.running_mean                              backbone.res4.res4d.branch2c.norm._mean
backbone.layer3.3.bn3.running_var                               backbone.res4.res4d.branch2c.norm._variance
backbone.layer3.4.conv1.weight                                  backbone.res4.res4e.branch2a.conv.weight
backbone.layer3.4.bn1.weight                                    backbone.res4.res4e.branch2a.norm.weight
backbone.layer3.4.bn1.bias                                      backbone.res4.res4e.branch2a.norm.bias
backbone.layer3.4.bn1.running_mean                              backbone.res4.res4e.branch2a.norm._mean
backbone.layer3.4.bn1.running_var                               backbone.res4.res4e.branch2a.norm._variance
backbone.layer3.4.conv2.weight                                  backbone.res4.res4e.branch2b.conv.weight
backbone.layer3.4.bn2.weight                                    backbone.res4.res4e.branch2b.norm.weight
backbone.layer3.4.bn2.bias                                      backbone.res4.res4e.branch2b.norm.bias
backbone.layer3.4.bn2.running_mean                              backbone.res4.res4e.branch2b.norm._mean
backbone.layer3.4.bn2.running_var                               backbone.res4.res4e.branch2b.norm._variance
backbone.layer3.4.conv3.weight                                  backbone.res4.res4e.branch2c.conv.weight
backbone.layer3.4.bn3.weight                                    backbone.res4.res4e.branch2c.norm.weight
backbone.layer3.4.bn3.bias                                      backbone.res4.res4e.branch2c.norm.bias
backbone.layer3.4.bn3.running_mean                              backbone.res4.res4e.branch2c.norm._mean
backbone.layer3.4.bn3.running_var                               backbone.res4.res4e.branch2c.norm._variance
backbone.layer3.5.conv1.weight                                  backbone.res4.res4f.branch2a.conv.weight
backbone.layer3.5.bn1.weight                                    backbone.res4.res4f.branch2a.norm.weight
backbone.layer3.5.bn1.bias                                      backbone.res4.res4f.branch2a.norm.bias
backbone.layer3.5.bn1.running_mean                              backbone.res4.res4f.branch2a.norm._mean
backbone.layer3.5.bn1.running_var                               backbone.res4.res4f.branch2a.norm._variance
backbone.layer3.5.conv2.weight                                  backbone.res4.res4f.branch2b.conv.weight
backbone.layer3.5.bn2.weight                                    backbone.res4.res4f.branch2b.norm.weight
backbone.layer3.5.bn2.bias                                      backbone.res4.res4f.branch2b.norm.bias
backbone.layer3.5.bn2.running_mean                              backbone.res4.res4f.branch2b.norm._mean
backbone.layer3.5.bn2.running_var                               backbone.res4.res4f.branch2b.norm._variance
backbone.layer3.5.conv3.weight                                  backbone.res4.res4f.branch2c.conv.weight
backbone.layer3.5.bn3.weight                                    backbone.res4.res4f.branch2c.norm.weight
backbone.layer3.5.bn3.bias                                      backbone.res4.res4f.branch2c.norm.bias
backbone.layer3.5.bn3.running_mean                              backbone.res4.res4f.branch2c.norm._mean
backbone.layer3.5.bn3.running_var                               backbone.res4.res4f.branch2c.norm._variance
backbone.layer4.0.conv1.weight                                  backbone.res5.res5a.branch2a.conv.weight
backbone.layer4.0.bn1.weight                                    backbone.res5.res5a.branch2a.norm.weight
backbone.layer4.0.bn1.bias                                      backbone.res5.res5a.branch2a.norm.bias
backbone.layer4.0.bn1.running_mean                              backbone.res5.res5a.branch2a.norm._mean
backbone.layer4.0.bn1.running_var                               backbone.res5.res5a.branch2a.norm._variance
backbone.layer4.0.conv2.weight                                  backbone.res5.res5a.branch2b.conv.weight
backbone.layer4.0.bn2.weight                                    backbone.res5.res5a.branch2b.norm.weight
backbone.layer4.0.bn2.bias                                      backbone.res5.res5a.branch2b.norm.bias
backbone.layer4.0.bn2.running_mean                              backbone.res5.res5a.branch2b.norm._mean
backbone.layer4.0.bn2.running_var                               backbone.res5.res5a.branch2b.norm._variance
backbone.layer4.0.conv3.weight                                  backbone.res5.res5a.branch2c.conv.weight
backbone.layer4.0.bn3.weight                                    backbone.res5.res5a.branch2c.norm.weight
backbone.layer4.0.bn3.bias                                      backbone.res5.res5a.branch2c.norm.bias
backbone.layer4.0.bn3.running_mean                              backbone.res5.res5a.branch2c.norm._mean
backbone.layer4.0.bn3.running_var                               backbone.res5.res5a.branch2c.norm._variance
backbone.layer4.0.downsample.0.weight                           backbone.res5.res5a.short.conv.weight
backbone.layer4.0.downsample.1.weight                           backbone.res5.res5a.short.norm.weight
backbone.layer4.0.downsample.1.bias                             backbone.res5.res5a.short.norm.bias
backbone.layer4.0.downsample.1.running_mean                     backbone.res5.res5a.short.norm._mean
backbone.layer4.0.downsample.1.running_var                      backbone.res5.res5a.short.norm._variance
backbone.layer4.1.conv1.weight                                  backbone.res5.res5b.branch2a.conv.weight
backbone.layer4.1.bn1.weight                                    backbone.res5.res5b.branch2a.norm.weight
backbone.layer4.1.bn1.bias                                      backbone.res5.res5b.branch2a.norm.bias
backbone.layer4.1.bn1.running_mean                              backbone.res5.res5b.branch2a.norm._mean
backbone.layer4.1.bn1.running_var                               backbone.res5.res5b.branch2a.norm._variance
backbone.layer4.1.conv2.weight                                  backbone.res5.res5b.branch2b.conv.weight
backbone.layer4.1.bn2.weight                                    backbone.res5.res5b.branch2b.norm.weight
backbone.layer4.1.bn2.bias                                      backbone.res5.res5b.branch2b.norm.bias
backbone.layer4.1.bn2.running_mean                              backbone.res5.res5b.branch2b.norm._mean
backbone.layer4.1.bn2.running_var                               backbone.res5.res5b.branch2b.norm._variance
backbone.layer4.1.conv3.weight                                  backbone.res5.res5b.branch2c.conv.weight
backbone.layer4.1.bn3.weight                                    backbone.res5.res5b.branch2c.norm.weight
backbone.layer4.1.bn3.bias                                      backbone.res5.res5b.branch2c.norm.bias
backbone.layer4.1.bn3.running_mean                              backbone.res5.res5b.branch2c.norm._mean
backbone.layer4.1.bn3.running_var                               backbone.res5.res5b.branch2c.norm._variance
backbone.layer4.2.conv1.weight                                  backbone.res5.res5c.branch2a.conv.weight
backbone.layer4.2.bn1.weight                                    backbone.res5.res5c.branch2a.norm.weight
backbone.layer4.2.bn1.bias                                      backbone.res5.res5c.branch2a.norm.bias
backbone.layer4.2.bn1.running_mean                              backbone.res5.res5c.branch2a.norm._mean
backbone.layer4.2.bn1.running_var                               backbone.res5.res5c.branch2a.norm._variance
backbone.layer4.2.conv2.weight                                  backbone.res5.res5c.branch2b.conv.weight
backbone.layer4.2.bn2.weight                                    backbone.res5.res5c.branch2b.norm.weight
backbone.layer4.2.bn2.bias                                      backbone.res5.res5c.branch2b.norm.bias
backbone.layer4.2.bn2.running_mean                              backbone.res5.res5c.branch2b.norm._mean
backbone.layer4.2.bn2.running_var                               backbone.res5.res5c.branch2b.norm._variance
backbone.layer4.2.conv3.weight                                  backbone.res5.res5c.branch2c.conv.weight
backbone.layer4.2.bn3.weight                                    backbone.res5.res5c.branch2c.norm.weight
backbone.layer4.2.bn3.bias                                      backbone.res5.res5c.branch2c.norm.bias
backbone.layer4.2.bn3.running_mean                              backbone.res5.res5c.branch2c.norm._mean
backbone.layer4.2.bn3.running_var                               backbone.res5.res5c.branch2c.norm._variance
neck.lateral_convs.0.conv.weight                                neck.fpn_inner_res3_sum_lateral.weight
neck.lateral_convs.0.conv.bias                                  neck.fpn_inner_res3_sum_lateral.bias
neck.lateral_convs.1.conv.weight                                neck.fpn_inner_res4_sum_lateral.weight
neck.lateral_convs.1.conv.bias                                  neck.fpn_inner_res4_sum_lateral.bias
neck.lateral_convs.2.conv.weight                                neck.fpn_inner_res5_sum.weight
neck.lateral_convs.2.conv.bias                                  neck.fpn_inner_res5_sum.bias
neck.fpn_convs.0.conv.weight                                    neck.fpn_res3_sum.weight
neck.fpn_convs.0.conv.bias                                      neck.fpn_res3_sum.bias
neck.fpn_convs.1.conv.weight                                    neck.fpn_res4_sum.weight
neck.fpn_convs.1.conv.bias                                      neck.fpn_res4_sum.bias
neck.fpn_convs.2.conv.weight                                    neck.fpn_res5_sum.weight
neck.fpn_convs.2.conv.bias                                      neck.fpn_res5_sum.bias
neck.fpn_convs.3.conv.weight                                    neck.fpn_res0_sum_extra.weight
neck.fpn_convs.3.conv.bias                                      neck.fpn_res0_sum_extra.bias
neck.fpn_convs.4.conv.weight                                    neck.fpn_res1_sum_extra.weight
neck.fpn_convs.4.conv.bias                                      neck.fpn_res1_sum_extra.bias
rbox_head.fam_reg_convs.0.conv.weight                           s2anet_head.fam_reg_convs.fam_reg_conv_0.weight
rbox_head.fam_reg_convs.0.conv.bias                             s2anet_head.fam_reg_convs.fam_reg_conv_0.bias
rbox_head.fam_reg_convs.1.conv.weight                           s2anet_head.fam_reg_convs.fam_reg_conv_1.weight
rbox_head.fam_reg_convs.1.conv.bias                             s2anet_head.fam_reg_convs.fam_reg_conv_1.bias
rbox_head.fam_cls_convs.0.conv.weight                           s2anet_head.fam_cls_convs.fam_cls_conv_0.weight
rbox_head.fam_cls_convs.0.conv.bias                             s2anet_head.fam_cls_convs.fam_cls_conv_0.bias
rbox_head.fam_cls_convs.1.conv.weight                           s2anet_head.fam_cls_convs.fam_cls_conv_1.weight
rbox_head.fam_cls_convs.1.conv.bias                             s2anet_head.fam_cls_convs.fam_cls_conv_1.bias
rbox_head.fam_reg.weight                                        s2anet_head.fam_reg.weight
rbox_head.fam_reg.bias                                          s2anet_head.fam_reg.bias
rbox_head.fam_cls.weight                                        s2anet_head.fam_cls.weight
rbox_head.fam_cls.bias                                          s2anet_head.fam_cls.bias
rbox_head.align_conv.deform_conv.weight                         s2anet_head.align_conv.align_conv.weight
rbox_head.odm_reg_convs.0.conv.weight                           s2anet_head.odm_reg_convs.odm_reg_conv_0.weight
rbox_head.odm_reg_convs.0.conv.bias                             s2anet_head.odm_reg_convs.odm_reg_conv_0.bias
rbox_head.odm_reg_convs.1.conv.weight                           s2anet_head.odm_reg_convs.odm_reg_conv_1.weight
rbox_head.odm_reg_convs.1.conv.bias                             s2anet_head.odm_reg_convs.odm_reg_conv_1.bias
rbox_head.odm_cls_convs.0.conv.weight                           s2anet_head.odm_cls_convs.odm_cls_conv_0.weight
rbox_head.odm_cls_convs.0.conv.bias                             s2anet_head.odm_cls_convs.odm_cls_conv_0.bias
rbox_head.odm_cls_convs.1.conv.weight                           s2anet_head.odm_cls_convs.odm_cls_conv_1.weight
rbox_head.odm_cls_convs.1.conv.bias                             s2anet_head.odm_cls_convs.odm_cls_conv_1.bias
rbox_head.odm_cls.weight                                        s2anet_head.odm_cls.weight
rbox_head.odm_cls.bias                                          s2anet_head.odm_cls.bias
rbox_head.odm_reg.weight                                        s2anet_head.odm_reg.weight
rbox_head.odm_reg.bias                                          s2anet_head.odm_reg.bias